# WTTG Website Index
This is a Github hosted website that will display every websites that Welcome To The Game 2 has. Welcome To The Game 1 support might come eventually but that might be more difficult. I plan to add support for WTTG3 when it fully releases aswell. This median is so you can freely read all of the webpages without threat. Kinda like how WTTG1 has a casual mode/web crawler simulator.
## WTTG2 Assistant
Currently all Welcome to the game 2 assets are pulled from the WTTG2 assistant found at https://github.com/FierceThundr/wttg2-assistant. For this i am using a GPLv3 license in accordance to the license terms. You may be able to find reminents of WTTG2 assistant in the source code. But there will not be a full reupload/working version of the site here. I am not a coder or used to anything of the sorts so please keep that in mind and when its complete i may look for a maintainer to make it better overall. I may stop using the WTTG2 assistant and grab the source code from the game itself, its just the WTTG2 asssistant is much easier. The difference from the sites here and over there is i am removing all the clickpoint indicatiors while retaining the blur for best viewing. If you want to remove the blur that is your own job.
## Roadmap 
* Get EVERY site and page dowloaded declickpointed, and in the Sites directory.
* Make the index not look like hot garbage. (learn CSS better instead of having Gemini coaching me on how css works)
* Fix the sites redirecting urls. Right now it leads to the WTTG2 assistant when clicking on any link inside of a site.
* I will probably make the site look more like the original hidden wiki. Which is what the wikis in WTTG are based on.
* Add WTTG3 demo websites. I was going to wait until it fully releases but the websites are easy to grab and fix for normal web usage. Very easy to fix redirects.